# Siddhi 5.1 Config Guide

This section covers the following.

* [Configuring Databases](#configuring-databases)
* [Configuring Periodic State Persistence](#configuring-periodic-state-persistence)
* [Configuring Siddhi Sources, Sinks, Stores and Extensions](#configuring-siddhi-elements)
* [Configuring Authentication](#configuring-authentication)
* [Adding Extensions and Third Party Dependencies](#adding-extensions-and-third-party-dependencies)
* [Configuring Statistics](#configuring-statistics)
* [Converting Jars to OSGi Bundles](#converting-jars-to-osgi-bundles)
* [Encrypt sensitive deployment configurations](#18-Encrypt-sensitive-deployment-configurations)

## Configuring Databases

!!! info "Applicable only for Local, Docker, and Kubernetes modes."
    This section is not applicable for Java and Python modes.

It is recommended to configure RDBMS databases as datasources under `datasources` section of Siddhi configuration yaml, and pass it during startup, this will allow database to reuse connections across multiple Siddhi Apps.

By default Siddhi stores product-specific data in predefined embedded H2 database located in `<SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME>/wso2/runner/database` directory. Here, the default H2 database is only suitable for development, testing, and some production environments which do not store data.

However, for most production environments we recommend using industry-standard RDBMS such as Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, or MSSQL. In this case users are expected to add the relevant database drivers to Siddhi's class-path.

!!! Note "Including database drivers."
    The database driver corresponding to the database should be an OSGi bundle and it need to be added to <code>&lt;SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME&gt;/lib/</code> directory. If the driver is a jar then this should be [converted to an OSGi bundle before adding](#converting-jars-to-osgi-bundles).

!!! Tip "Converting Non OSGi drivers."
    If the database driver is not an OSGi bundle, then it should be converted to OSGi. Please refer [Converting Jars to OSGi Bundles](#converting-jars-to-osgi-bundles) documentation for details.

The necessary table schemas are self generated by the features themselves, other than the tables needed for [statistics reporting via databases](#reporting-via-database).

**Below are the sample datasource configuration for each supported database types:**

* MySQL  
  ```yaml
  dataSources:
    - name: SIDDHI_TEST_DB
      description: The datasource used for test database
      jndiConfig:
        name: jdbc/SIDDHI_TEST_DB
      definition:
        type: RDBMS
        configuration:
          jdbcUrl: jdbc:mysql://hostname:port/testdb
          username: root
          password: root
          driverClassName: com.mysql.jdbc.Driver
          maxPoolSize: 10
          idleTimeout: 60000
          connectionTestQuery: SELECT 1
          validationTimeout: 30000
          isAutoCommit: false
  ```

* Oracle  
  There are two ways to configure Oracle. If you have a System Identifier (SID), use this (older) format:  
    <pre>
  jdbc:oracle:thin:@[HOST][:PORT]:SID
  </pre>
  ```yaml
  dataSources:
  - name: SIDDHI_TEST_DB
    description: The datasource used for test database
    jndiConfig:
      name: jdbc/SIDDHI_TEST_DB
    definition:
      type: RDBMS
      configuration:
        jdbcUrl: jdbc:oracle:thin:@hostname:port:SID
        username: testdb
        password: root
        driverClassName: oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver
        maxPoolSize: 10
        idleTimeout: 60000
        connectionTestQuery: SELECT 1
        validationTimeout: 30000
        isAutoCommit: false
  ```
  If you have an Oracle service name, use this (newer) format:
  <pre>
  jdbc:oracle:thin:@//[HOST][:PORT]/SERVICE
  </pre>
  ```yaml
  dataSources:
  - name: SIDDHI_TEST_DB
    description: The datasource used for test database
    jndiConfig:
      name: jdbc/SIDDHI_TEST_DB
    definition:
      type: RDBMS
      configuration:
        jdbcUrl: jdbc:oracle:thin:@hostname:port/SERVICE
        username: testdb
        password: root
        driverClassName: oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver
        maxPoolSize: 50
        idleTimeout: 60000
        connectionTestQuery: SELECT 1
        validationTimeout: 30000
        isAutoCommit: false
  ```

* PostgreSQL
  ```yaml
  dataSources:
  - name: SIDDHI_TEST_DB
    description: The datasource used for test database
    jndiConfig:
      name: jdbc/SIDDHI_TEST_DB
    definition:
      type: RDBMS
    configuration:
      jdbcUrl: jdbc:postgresql://hostname:port/testdb
      username: root
      password: root
      driverClassName: org.postgresql.Driver
      maxPoolSize: 10
      idleTimeout: 60000
      connectionTestQuery: SELECT 1
      validationTimeout: 30000
      isAutoCommit: false
  ```

* MSSQL
  ```yaml
   dataSources:
   - name: SIDDHI_TEST_DB
     description: The datasource used for test database
     jndiConfig:
       name: jdbc/SIDDHI_TEST_DB
     definition:
       type: RDBMS
       configuration:
         jdbcUrl: jdbc:sqlserver://hostname:port;databaseName=testdb
         username: root
         password: root
         driverClassName: com.microsoft.sqlserver.jdbc.SQLServerDriver
         maxPoolSize: 10
         idleTimeout: 60000
         connectionTestQuery: SELECT 1
         validationTimeout: 30000
         isAutoCommit: false
  ```

## Configuring Periodic State Persistence

!!! info "Applicable only for Local, Docker, and Kubernetes modes."
    This section is not applicable for Java and Python modes.

This explains how to periodically persisting the state of Siddhi either into a database system or file system, in order to prevent data losses that can result from a system failure.

### Persistence on Database

To perform periodic state persistence on a database, the database should be configured as a datasource and the relevant jdbc drivers should be added to Siddhi's class-path. Refer [Database Configuration](#database-configuration/) section for more information.

To configure database based periodic data persistence, add <code>statePersistence</code> section with the following properties on the Siddhi configuration yaml, and pass that during startup.

| Parameter | Purpose | Required Value |
| ------------- |-------------|-------------|
| enabled | This enables data persistence. | true |
| intervalInMin | The time interval in minutes that defines the interval in which state of Siddhi applications should be persisted | 1 |
| revisionsToKeep | The number of revisions to keep in the system. Here when a new persistence takes place, the older revisions are removed. | 3 |
| persistenceStore | The persistence store | io.siddhi.distribution.core.persistence.DBPersistenceStore |
| config > datasource | The datasource to be used in persisting the state. The datasource should be defined in the Siddhi configuration yaml. For detailed instructions of how to configure a datasource, see [Database Configuration](#database-configuration/).| SIDDHI_PERSISTENCE_DB (A datasource that is defined in `datasources` in Siddhi configuration yaml) |
| config > table | The table that should be created and used for persisting states. | PERSISTENCE_TABLE |

The following is a sample configuration for database based state persistence.
```yaml
statePersistence:
  enabled: true
  intervalInMin: 1
  revisionsToKeep: 3
  persistenceStore: io.siddhi.distribution.core.persistence.DBPersistenceStore
  config:
    datasource: <DATASOURCE NAME>   # A datasource with this name should be defined in datasources namespace
    table: <TABLE NAME>

```

### Persistence on File System

To configure file system based periodic data persistence, add <code>statePersistence</code> section with the following properties on the Siddhi configuration yaml, and pass that during startup.

| Parameter | Purpose | Required Value |
| ------------- |-------------|-------------|
| enabled | This enables data persistence. | true |
| intervalInMin | The time interval in minutes that defines the interval in which state of Siddhi applications should be persisted | 1 |
| revisionsToKeep | The number of revisions to keep in the system. Here when a new persistence takes place, the older revisions are removed. | 3 |
| persistenceStore | The persistence store | io.siddhi.distribution.core.persistence.FileSystemPersistenceStore |
| config > location | A fully qualified folder location to where the revision files should be persisted. | siddhi-app-persistence |

The following is a sample configuration for file system based state persistence.
```yaml
statePersistence:
  enabled: true
  intervalInMin: 1
  revisionsToKeep: 2
  persistenceStore: io.siddhi.distribution.core.persistence.FileSystemPersistenceStore
  config:
    location: siddhi-app-persistence
```

## Configuring Siddhi Elements

!!! info "Applicable only for Local, Docker, and Kubernetes modes."
    This section is not applicable for Java and Python modes.

You can configure some of there environment specific configurations in the Siddhi Configuration yaml rather than configuring in-line, such that your Siddhi Application can become potable between environments.

### Configuring Sources, Sinks and Stores References

Multiple sources, sinks, and stores could be defined in Siddhi Configuration yaml as `ref`, and referred by several Siddhi Applications as described below.

The following is the syntax for the configuration.
```yaml
refs:
  -
    ref:
      name: '<name>'
      type: '<type>'
      properties:
        <property1>: <value1>
        <property2>: <value2>
```

For each separate refs you want to configure, add a sub-section named `ref` under the `refs` subsection.

The ref configured in Siddhi Configuration yaml can be referred from a Siddhi Application [Source](../../query-guide/#source) as follows.
```mysql
@Source(ref='<name>',
        @map(type='json', @attributes( name='$.name', amount='$.quantity')))
define stream SweetProductionStream (name string, amount double);
```
Similarly [Sinks](../../query-guide/#sink) and [Store Tables](../../query-guide/#store) can also be configured and referred from Siddhi Apps.


**Example**: Configuring http source using `ref`

Following configuration defines the `url` and details about `basic.auth`, in the Siddhi Configuration yaml.
```
refs:
  -
    ref:
      name: 'http-passthrough'
      type: 'http'
      properties:
        receiver.url: 'http://0.0.0.0:8008/sweet-production'
        basic.auth.enabled: false
```

This can be referred in the Siddhi Applications as follows.

```
@Source(ref='http-passthrough',
        @map(type='json', @attributes( name='$.name', amount='$.quantity')))
define stream SweetProductionStream (name string, amount double);
```

### Configuring Extensions System Parameters

Siddhi extensions cater use-case specific logic that is not available by default in Siddhi. Some of these extensions have system parameter configurations to define/modify their behavior. These extensions usually have default values for the parameters, but when needed, they can be overridden by configuring the parameters in Siddhi Configuration yaml and passing it at startup.

The following is the syntax for the configuration.
```yaml
extensions:
  -
    extension:
      name: <extension name>
      namespace: <extension namespace>
      properties:
        <key>: <value>
```
For each separate extension you want to configure, add a sub-section named `extension` under the `extensions` subsection.

Following are some examples on overriding default system properties via Siddhi Configuration yaml

**Example 1**: Defining service host and port for the TCP source
```yaml
extensions:
  - extension:
      name: tcp
      namespace: source
      properties:
        host: 0.0.0.0
        port: 5511
```
**Example 2**: Overwriting the default RDBMS extension configuration
```yaml
extensions:
  - extension:
      name: rdbms
      namespace: store
      properties:
        mysql.batchEnable: true
        mysql.batchSize: 1000
        mysql.indexCreateQuery: "CREATE INDEX {{TABLE_NAME}}_INDEX ON {{TABLE_NAME}} ({{INDEX_COLUMNS}})"
        mysql.recordDeleteQuery: "DELETE FROM {{TABLE_NAME}} {{CONDITION}}"
        mysql.recordExistsQuery: "SELECT 1 FROM {{TABLE_NAME}} {{CONDITION}} LIMIT 1"
```    

### Configuring Siddhi Properties

Siddhi supports setting follwing properties to be specify distribution based behaviours, for instance all [Named Aggregation](../../query-guide/#named-aggregation) in the distribution can be changed to [Distributed Named Aggregation](../../query-guide/#distributed-aggregation) with the following siddhi properties.

System Property| Description| Possible Values | Optional | Default Value
---------|---------|---------|---------|------
shardId| The id of the shard one of the distributed aggregation is running in. This should be unique to a single shard | Any string | No | <Empty_String>
partitionById| This allows user to enable/disable distributed aggregation for all aggregations running in one siddhi manager .(Available from v4.3.3) | true/false | Yes | false

Follwing is the example of setting Distributed Named Agregation
```yaml
properties:
  partitionById	: true
  shardId : shard1
```

## Configuring Authentication

!!! info "Applicable only for Local, Docker, and Kubernetes modes."
    This section is not applicable for Java and Python modes.

 Siddhi is configured with user name `admin`, and password `admin`. This can be updated by adding related user management configuration as `authentication` to the Siddhi Configuration yaml, and pass it at startup.

A sample `authentication` is as follows.

```yaml
# Authentication configuration
authentication:
  type: 'local'        # Type of the IdP client used
  userManager:
    adminRole: admin   # Admin role which is granted all permissions
    userStore:         # User store
      users:
       -
         user:
           username: admin
           password: YWRtaW4=
           roles: 1
      roles:
       -
         role:
           id: 1
           displayName: admin
```

## Adding Extensions and Third Party Dependencies

!!! info "Applicable for all modes."

For certain use-cases, Siddhi might require extensions and/or third party dependencies to fulfill some characteristics that it does not provide by default.

This section provides details on how to add or update extension and/or third party dependencies that is needed by Siddhi.

### Adding to Siddhi Java Program

When running Siddhi as a Java library, the extension jars and/or third-party dependencies needed for Siddhi can be simply added to Siddhi class-path. When Maven is used as the build tool add them to the `pom.xml` file along with the other mandatory jars needed by Siddhi as given is [Using Siddhi as a library](../siddhi-as-a-java-library/) guide.

A sample on adding `siddhi-io-http` extension to the Maven `pom.xml` is as follows.

```xml
<!--HTTP extension-->
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.wso2.extension.siddhi.io.http</groupId>
  <artifactId>siddhi-io-http</artifactId>
  <version>${siddhi.io.http.version}</version>
</dependency>   
```

Refer [guide](../siddhi-as-a-java-library/) for more details on using Siddhi as a Java Library.

### Adding to Siddhi Local Microservice

The most used Siddhi extensions are packed by default with the Siddhi Local Microservice distribution.

To add or update Siddhi extensions and/or third-party dependencies, adding or replacing the relevant OSGi JARs in <code>&lt;SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME&gt;/lib</code> directory.

Since Local Microservice is OSGi-based, when adding libraries/drivers they need to be checked if they are OSGi bundles, and if not convert to OSGi before adding them to the <code>&lt;SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME&gt;/lib</code> directory.

!!! Tip "Converting Jars to OSGi Bundles.."
    If the database driver is not an OSGi bundle, then it should be converted to OSGi. Please refer [Converting Jars to OSGi Bundles](#converting-jars-to-osgi-bundles) documentation for details.

Refer [guide](../siddhi-as-a-local-microservice/) for more details on using Siddhi as Local Microservice.

### Adding to Siddhi Docker Microservice

The most used Siddhi extensions are packed by default with the Siddhi Docker Microservice distribution.

To add or update Siddhi extensions and/or third-party dependencies, a new docker image has to be built from either [siddhi-runner-base-ubuntu](https://hub.docker.com/r/siddhiio/siddhi-runner-base-ubuntu) or [siddhi-runner-base-alpine](https://hub.docker.com/r/siddhiio/siddhi-runner-base-alpine) images. These images contain Linux OS, JDK and the Siddhi distribution.

Sample docker file using `siddhi-runner-base-alpine` is as follows.
<script src="https://gist.github.com/pcnfernando/09d3af8f958c464425a892efabac2d98.js"></script>

Find the necessary artifacts to build the docker from [docker-siddhi](https://github.com/siddhi-io/docker-siddhi/tree/master/docker-files/siddhi-runner) repository.

The necessary OSGi jars and extensions that need to be added to the Siddhi Docker Microservice should be placed at ${BUNDLE_JAR_DIR} (`./files/lib`) folder as defined in the above docker file, such that they would be bundled during the docker build phase.

!!! Tip "Converting Jars to OSGi Bundles"
    If the database driver is not an OSGi bundle, then it should be converted to OSGi. Please refer [Converting Jars to OSGi Bundles](#converting-jars-to-osgi-bundles) documentation for details.

Refer [guide](../siddhi-as-a-docker-microservice/) for more details on using Siddhi as Docker Microservice.

### Adding to Siddhi Kubernetes Microservice

To add or update Siddhi extensions and/or third-party dependencies, a custom docker image has to be created using the steps described in [Adding to Siddhi Docker Microservice](#adding-to-siddhi-docker-microservice) documentation including the necessary extensions and dependencies. The created image can be then referenced in the `sepc.pod` subsection in the `SiddhiProcess` Kubernetes artifact created to deploy Siddhi in Kubernetes.

For details on creating the Kubernetes artifacts refer [Using Siddhi as Kubernetes Microservice](../siddhi-as-a-kubernetes-microservice/) documentation.

## Configuring Statistics

!!! info "Applicable only for Local, Docker, and Kubernetes modes."
    This section is not applicable for Java and Python modes.

Siddhi uses [dropwizard](https://metrics.dropwizard.io/) metrics library to calculate Siddhi and JVM statistics, and it can report the results via JMX Mbeans, console or database.

To enable statistics, the relevant configuration should be added to the Siddhi Configuration yaml as follows, and at the same time the statistics collection should be enabled in the Siddhi Application which is being monitored. Refer [Siddhi Application Statistics](../../query-guide/#statistics) documentation for enabling Siddhi Application level statistics.

To enable statistics the relevant matrics related configurations should be added under `metrics` section in the Siddhi Configurations yaml file, and pass that during startup.

!!! Note "Configuring Metrics reporting level."
    To modify the statistics reporting, relevant metric names can be added under the `metrics.levels` subsection in the Siddhi Configurations yaml, along with the matrics level (i.e., OFF, INFO, DEBUG, TRACE, or ALL) as given bellow.
    <pre>
    metrics:
      # Metrics Levels are organized from most specific to least:
      # OFF (most specific, no metrics)
      # INFO
      # DEBUG
      # TRACE (least specific, a lot of data)
      # ALL (least specific, all data)
      levels:
        # The root level configured for Metrics
        rootLevel: INFO
        # Metric Levels
        levels:
          jvm.buffers: 'OFF'
          jvm.class-loading: INFO
          jvm.gc: DEBUG
          jvm.memory: INFO
    </pre>

The available metrics reporting options are as follows.

### Reporting via JMX Mbeans

JMX Mbeams is the default statistics reporting option of Siddhi. To enable stats with the default configuration add the metric-related properties under `metrics` section in the Siddhi Configurations yaml file, and pass that during startup.

A sample configuration is as follows.
```yaml
metrics:
  enabled: true
```
This will report JMX Mbeans in the name of `org.wso2.carbon.metrics`. However, in this default configuration the JVM metrics will not be measured.

A detail JMX configuration along with the metrics reporting level is as follows.

```yaml
metrics:
  # Enable Metrics
  enabled: true
  jmx:
    # Register MBean when initializing Metrics
    registerMBean: true
    # MBean Name
    name: org.wso2.carbon:type=Metrics
  # Metrics Levels are organized from most specific to least:
  # OFF (most specific, no metrics)
  # INFO
  # DEBUG
  # TRACE (least specific, a lot of data)
  # ALL (least specific, all data)
  levels:
    # The root level configured for Metrics
    rootLevel: INFO
    # Metric Levels
    levels:
      jvm.buffers: 'OFF'
      jvm.class-loading: INFO
      jvm.gc: DEBUG
      jvm.memory: INFO
```

### Reporting via Console

To enable statistics by periodically printing the metrics on console add the following configuration to the the Siddhi Configurations yaml file, and pass that during startup.

```yaml
# This is the main configuration for metrics
metrics:
  # Enable Metrics
  enabled: false
  reporting:
    console:
      - # The name for the Console Reporter
        name: Console
        # Enable Console Reporter
        enabled: false
        # Polling Period in seconds.
        # This is the period for polling metrics from the metric registry and printing in the console
        pollingPeriod: 5
```

### Reporting via Database

To enable JDBC reporting and to periodically clean up the outdated statistics from the database, first a datasource should be created with the relevant database configurations and then the related metrics properties as given bellow should be added to in the Siddhi Configurations yaml file, and pass that during startup.

The bellow sample is referring to the datasource with JNDI name `jdbc/SiddhiMetricsDB`, hence the datasource configuration in yaml should have `jndiConfig.name` as `jdbc/SiddhiMetricsDB`. For detailed instructions on configuring a datasource, refer [Configuring Databases](#configuring-databases).


. The scripts to create these tables are provided in the <code>&lt;SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME&gt;/wso2/runner/dbscripts</code> directory.


Sample configuration of reporting via database.

```yaml
metrics:
  # Enable Metrics
  enabled: true
  jdbc:
  # Data Source Configurations for JDBC Reporters
    dataSource:
      # Default Data Source Configuration
      - &JDBC01
        # JNDI name of the data source to be used by the JDBC Reporter.
        # This data source should be defined under datasources.
        dataSourceName: java:comp/env/jdbc/SiddhiMetricsDB
        # Schedule regular deletion of metrics data older than a set number of days.
        # It is recommended that you enable this job to ensure your metrics tables do not get extremely large.
        # Deleting data older than seven days should be sufficient.
        scheduledCleanup:
          # Enable scheduled cleanup to delete Metrics data in the database.
          enabled: false
          # The scheduled job will cleanup all data older than the specified days
          daysToKeep: 7
          # This is the period for each cleanup operation in seconds.
          scheduledCleanupPeriod: 86400
  reporting:
    jdbc:
      - # The name for the JDBC Reporter
        name: JDBC
        # Enable JDBC Reporter
        enabled: true
        # Source of Metrics, which will be used to identify each metric in database -->
        # Commented to use the hostname by default
        # source: Siddhi
        # Alias referring to the Data Source configuration
        dataSource: *JDBC01
        # Polling Period in seconds.
        # This is the period for polling metrics from the metric registry and updating the database with the values
        pollingPeriod: 60      
```

!!! note "Metrics history and reporting interval"
    If the `metrics.reporting.jdbc` subsection is not enabled, the information relating to metrics history will not be persisted for future references. Also note the that the reporting will only start to update the database after the given `pollingPeriod` time has elapsed.  

Information about the parameters configured under the `jdbc.dataSource` subsection in the Siddhi Configuration yaml is as follows.

| Parameter | Default Value | Description |
| ------------- |-------------|-------------|
|dataSourceName |	`java:comp/env/jdbc/SiddhiMetricsDB` |	`java:comp/env/<datasource JNDI name>`. The JNDI name of the datasource used to store metric data.|
|scheduledCleanup.enabled |	false |	If this is set to true, metrics data stored in the database is cleared periodically based on scheduled time interval. |
|scheduledCleanup.daysToKeep |	3 |	If scheduled clean-up of metric data is enabled, all metric data in the database that are older than the number of days specified in this parameter are deleted.|
|scheduledCleanup.scheduledCleanupPeriod |	86400 |	The parameter specifies the time interval in seconds at which metric data should be cleaned.|

## Converting Jars to OSGi Bundles

To convert jar files to OSGi bundles, first download and save the non-OSGi jar it in a preferred directory in your machine. Then from the CLI, navigate to the <code>&lt;SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME&gt;/bin</code> directory, and issue the following command.

```
./jartobundle.sh <path to non OSGi jar> ../lib
```

This converts the Jar to OSGi bundles and place it in <code>&lt;SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME&gt;/lib</code> directory.

## Encrypt sensitive deployment configurations

Cipher tool is used to encrypt sensitive data in deployment configurations. This tool works in conjunction with Secure Vault to replace sensitive data that is in plain text with an alias. The actual value is then encrypted and securely stored in the SecureVault. At runtime, the actual value is retrieved from the alias and used. For more information, see [Secure Vault](https://github.com/wso2/carbon-secvault/blob/master/README.md).

Below is the defaul configurations for Secure Vault
```yaml
# Secure Vault Configuration
securevault:
  secretRepository:
    type: org.wso2.carbon.secvault.repository.DefaultSecretRepository
    parameters:
      privateKeyAlias: wso2carbon
      keystoreLocation: ${SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME}/resources/security/securevault.jks
      secretPropertiesFile: ${SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME}/conf/runner/secrets.properties
  masterKeyReader:
    type: org.wso2.carbon.secvault.reader.DefaultMasterKeyReader
    parameters:
      masterKeyReaderFile: ${SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME}/conf/runner/master-keys.yaml

```
Information about the parameters configured under the `securevault` subsection in the Siddhi Configuration yaml is as follows.

| Parameter | Default Value | Description |
| ------------- |-------------|-------------|
| secretRepository > type | org.wso2.carbon.secvault.repository.DefaultSecretRepository | The default implementation of Secret Repository is based on the passwords and aliases given in the secrets.properties file and the JKS that is configured in the secure-vault.yaml file |
| secretRepository > parameters > secretPropertiesFile | ${SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME}/conf/runner/secrets.properties | Location of the `secrect.properties` file which matches alias with encrypted data |
| secretRepository > parameters > secretPropertiesFile | ${SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME}/resources/security/securevault.jks | Keysstore which contains the certificate to encrypt sensitive data | 
| secretRepository > parameters > privateKeyAlias|wso2carbon| Alias of the cerificate in the key store used for encryption
| masterKeyReader > type|org.wso2.carbon.secvault.reader.DefaultMasterKeyReader|The default implementation of MasterKeyReader gets a list of required passwords from the Secret Repository and provides the values for those passwords by reading system properties, environment variables and the master-keys.yaml file.|
|masterKeyReader > parameters > masterKeyReaderFile| ${SIDDHI_RUNNER_HOME}/conf/runner/master-keys.yaml | Location of `master-keys.yaml` file which contains password used to access the key store to decrypt the ancrypted passwords at runtime|

